The 'Filtered Descendant Report' is directly based on the 'Detailed Descendant Report'.  As such, it
includes all the options (which make sense) in addition to some new ones.  Because multiple
family branches can be included, the Henry and d'Aboville numbering systems options were removed
(considering that people common to more than one branch will get the number assigned to them when they
are first found).

The main difference is that a filter can be used to determine who to include in the report (so that
you can have several family branches) instead of basing all the descendants from a single person.  The
key is to find at least one common person to all the rules in the filter.  If at least one common
person is found, the generations can be aligned so that it doesn't matter if the head of each branch
is in the same generation.  Note that only custom filters are used (some of the built-in filters
don't make sense and it was just easier to exclude them).

CAVEAT: the filter is meant to be an OR filter (At least one rule must apply), meaning that we are
expecting the report to consist of one or more family branches, where each rule dictates the start of a branch.
This plugin has NOT been stress tested over different varieties of rules.  It does work with one or more
rules and will treat the filter as if 'At least one rule must apply' is set (even if not).  The plugin
will complain if no common people are found across all rules.

CAVEAT: the only supported output file format currently is 'OpenDocument Text Enhanced'.  Running
the plugin with any other output format will cause an error (because the other format backends haven't
been updated to support the needed enhancements).

CAVEAT: this is a third version, and as such has much missing that people might want.  One obvious one
is support for ALL backend report formats, not just ODF.  Also, not currently possible to get the
photo date to put into the caption.  Also, no translation for messages (everything is currently English-only).
This version is being released for Gramps v3.4 and to see if there is any interest besides myself :-{}.

DIFFERENCES
===========

Differences from 'Detailed Descendant Report' are as follows:

1) Instead of a 'Center Person' to start descendants from, there is now a 'Filter'.

As explained above, the filter can have one or more rules to allow multiple branches to be in the same
report.  A person, common to ALL rules will align the generations.  If no common person is found, an
error will be issued.

2) Report Title

An added option allows the user to specify the report title.  For 'Detailed Descendant Report', this
is automatically set based on the name of the 'Center Person'.  For 'Filtered Descendant Report', this is
automatically set to the name of the selected filter, but can be overridden by the user.

3) Turn URLs into real links

This option (on the Content tab) tells the plugin whether to turn any http, https, or mailto links found
in text (i.e. notes, endnotes, etc.) to be real clickable links.  Turning this option off results in the
behavior found in 'Detailed Descendant Report' (that is, no URLs are made clickable).  Turning it on will
cause those URLs found to be clickable in the output file (if possible).

4) Do not include information marked private

This option (on the Content tab) tells the plugin whether to add information to the report that has
been marked 'private'.  Turning this option off results in the behavior found in
'Detailed Descendant Report' (that is, all information is included in the report).  Turning it on
will cause the plugin to NOT include anything marked private.  After all, what good is the private
flag if it's not respected?

5) Include partners

Just a label change for the modern age.

6) Add caption under image from Gallery

This option (on the new Caption tab) tells the plugin whether to include captions under photos or not.

7) Caption Format

This option (on the new Caption tab) specifies what should be in photo captions.  For full
details on what can be specified, see:

    http://ander882.110mb.com/index.php?p=gramps.display4

8) Image cropping

Images now appear in the report document exactly how they appear within the Gramps UI.  That is, if an image
has been cropped, it will be cropped the same way in the report.  The 'Detailed Descendant Report'
behavior was to just insert the image so that the report showed the entire image.

